ci-public
=========

## Team Members:
 - Scott Cambo - scottallencambo@gmail.com
   I graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor's degree in Information Science, minoring in Cognitive Science.  My honors thesis explored the use of machine learning and natural language processing in the detection and modeling of deceptive text messages.  Currently, I work for both the Cornell Social Media Lab and Northwestern University Social Media Lab as a software developer.  In the fall, I will be attending Northwestern as a PhD student in the Technology and Social Behavior program which is a joint PhD in Communications and Computer Science.  My goal is to use ubiquitous computing and machine learning techniques to understand social behavior in more detail than could have been imagined before the prevalence of the modern internet.
 - Nadya Calderon - nadya.calderon@gmail.com
   I have a background in Software Engineering and currently, I am a Visual Analytics PhD student at the School of Interactive Arts and Technology (SIAT), Simon Fraser University.  I am interested in the intersection between Design Research, Interaction Design, Information Visualization and Visual Analysis to study how analysts work practices inform the design of interactive visual analytics interfaces to support the sense-making process. Recent projects include applications in emergency management: investigating the use of social media for emergency response and recovery facilitated by visual displays of streaming data; and environmental health decision making: making evidence-data available for consumers and decision makers using interactive visualizations to understand how environment issues affects health
 - Christopher Lazarus - clazarusg@gmail.com 
   I majored both in applied mathematics and telematics (EE/CS mix) engineering. In the past I have developed websites, web services and back-end software for applications. My main interests are: statistical signal processing, machine learning, applied statistics and mostly any application that harnesses computational power to extract useful information from data sources. I am currently writing my thesis on compressive sensing which is mostly about reconstructing signals with under sampled data, before I collaborated designing a feature selection algorithm for high dimensional problems based on mutual information.
 - Raphael Stern - raphaelestern@gmail.com
   My primary interest is in the integration of ubiquitous sensing, big data, and machine learning into traditional urban infrastructure systems with the ultimate goal of enabling more efficient urban networks. Recent projects include analyzing large data sets related to traffic patterns and taxi use, in an attempt to model the temporospatial fluctuation of taxi demand throughout a city. I am also working to build a machine-learning-based model for predicting infrastructure network failure which can be applied in the aftermath of a natural disaster.